Well, welcome to a new video
something different as you will see in the background what
what you have is a video edited recently
to go up next week and in the
The reason for this video is to explain to them
little why is this so absent
last year of the channel first thing
apologize for not uploading so many videos
but he spent a lot of time away from home
the studies and how the weather here
is not very good in two because it
It's raining and I 'll only be forced to
record the videos inside and as
much a notice indicates it in the
comments the truth is that they lose
a lot of quality and you do not see it too
that I just prefer to record on the outside
and it weighs to buy me some spotlights but
the truth that I hardly have space and
well I prefer to postpone a little
videos and record them when you have time and
there is one now comes summer and the
days are longer so yes
I have had more time and I have been able to record
although another video but the truth is that
it was a week the video to work and
again I'll be a little bit more rascal
Anyway I will try to continue
recording videos and if not even
I will try to record them abroad with
some focus
On the other hand I wanted to tell you that with
so many changes that google has made and
youtube I had to change the name
of the channel April december diy
I usually have a lot of problems for
respond to our comments since
some do not have the linked account
google + with which directly I do not
lets answer, there are others that mark me
as spam and I have to go looking at the
one at a time and despite all that those who
leave the comments and you have the account
from google + linked many times I do not
send mail indicating that there are new
comments and the truth only have
enough and in the end I do not know what the
answered and that's why so apologize
again have patience that little to
little go answering the vast majority and
this brings me to thank you for
all the positive comments that I
you are leaving and the requests that
you also leave for future videos there
doubts that can then be resolved in
the moment when, as I tell you,
you ask for a video you have to have in
mind that it is not so easy
First, I can only make videos
of material that has ever near
you asked me to maintain a
hairpin or a motion in concrete and by
much that I was trying to find them already
a friend had one to leave I'm going to
do the maintenance and I can upload the
video the truth is that I have not
got and it's also true a lot
time to add the videos you have
to keep in mind what you do to record
the video you have to prepare a bit that
tell the tools when it comes to
record there are times that you have to repeat the
flat because it was very
out of focus because I do not see the camera
it is destined to record the same, it came out
flat etcetera and then the edition
also since it's good I realize that
videos are too long and I think that
in the end we are not very nice
to see just doing like that so that
everything as clear as possible do not have
no doubt but understand that many
it can make them pretty heavy with what
which each of this step more time
editing for cases where no
I speak to put them in camera a little faster
and will try to download videos of 10
minutes because if not already I tell you that to me
personally if they would call me heavy
see and well also finally
tell me that twitter I have enough
abandoned for the same reason since no
record nothing for just a nothing notice
but good now to have now more
time yes we will have it active
when we see him recording to a video
I'll take some pictures out there so that
see what you can find
the week or not all after the
recording also the same at the time of
go editing and upload some video to
that you see that I am working and that
have a little patience that everything
it will arrive and I will also good if you want me
make any request comment further
you can do it on twitter
he has quietly been good with this
dismissal we remind you that I have three
videos already prepared to upload the
I will publish one per week or so
to have them a little spread out and almost
give me time to record some other video
more and nothing else just to thank you
all because of the follow-up he has had
the channel for the consciousness that you are
taking and I hope that I 'll pick up a
good rhythm a greeting and see you more
videos
If you liked the video, give me
like and share it and if you want to be at
So much of all the news subscribe
and follow me on twitter until later